Welcome to the DodgySoft Technical Support System.

Please tell us about your problem.
We will assist you with any problem you might have.
Please type 'bye' to exit our system.
> Hello
How are you?
> Great
That's good to hear. How can I help you?
> My computer keeps crashing on me
That's not a bug, it's a feature!
> What? I want to know why it crashes on me.
Really? I'm genuinely suprised. What did you do to you computer
to make this happen?
> I don't know. I came here so that you could help me with that.
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> Look, can you just tell me what the possible reasons are for why it will crash
Try restarting your computer three times, to see if it worked.
> Ok, I did that, but now it says my memory is low.
I'm sorry, but my memory is out as well and I can't seem to recall anything
anymore.
> What? Just tell me why the performance of my computer isn't like it was when I got it.
Well it seems like your computer just isn't as good as ours I guess.
> That doesn't help me
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> Ahhhh. Just fix my computer. Do I have a virus
Well it might be because you simply don't know how to use a computer.
> That's why I'm here. Maybe it's not working because I have viruses on my computer?
Well if you have viruses, I don't want to be talking to you! I might
catch something!
> You are so useless
If you don't want to be here, why don't you just leave?
> Because I need my computer fixed. This computer was really expensive
The cost of our product is quite competitive. Have you looked around
and really compared our features? If not, what have you been doing?
> Which product? Where do I go for the installation
The installation is really quite straight forward. We have tons of
wizards that do all the work for you. Some of these wizards can even use
real magic. Those wizards tend to be expensive though, so I suggest using one
who uses slight of hand.
> Haha very funny. Just help me fix my mac
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> I just want my mac fixed.
Well this is what happens when you waste money on a Mac. So unnecessarily
expensive.
> Well I also have a windows that needs fixing. 
Well look at the bright side. At least you didn't waste money on an
expensive Mac.
> But I did. Look, maybe I should just get a linux computer.
Can you teach me how to use a linux? Please?
> I thought you were supposed to help me?
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> This is stupid. You are a stupid machine.
Well at least I work, unlike your computer! What does that say regarding
how stupid your computer is?
> ...Well if you can't fix my computers, maybe you can help me fix my iphone.
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> MY IPHONE IS BROKEN!!!!
I'm going to stop you right there. Burn the iPhone, and then get an
android phone. Then we'll talk.
> You are so rude 
Really? I'm being rude? Maybe you should look in a mirror someday to
see what 'rude' really is!
> Look, both my phone and my computer have a bug on them. I need you to help me fix them.
How do I help you? I actually forgot!
> I want you to fix the bug on my devices.
Which kind of bugs to you have in your computer? Our sources indicate
that bees often ruin computers. Have you been putting honey in your
computer?
> No. It's buggy
Hmm... Let me get back to you in three to five weeks.
> That's it, I'm done. You are so useless 
If you don't want to be here, why don't you just leave?
> Fine, I will leave
Have you checked that you do not have a dll conflict?
> No, I'm leaving 
Fine. Leave and never come back!
> Bye
Nice talking to you. Bye...